Simplify Unleash docs updates (#8925)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/reference/change-requests.mdx

:::

## Overview

Change requests allow you to require an additional approval step before any changes can be made in an environment. This functionality supports the "four-eyes principle", ensuring compliance in industries with strict legal or regulatory requirements.
 

> Change requests also allow you to group changes and apply them at a [specific point in time](#scheduled-change-requests).

Reviewer: should the link text be more of the sentence here? Feels like "apply them at a specifc point in time" is more descriptive of scheduled changes than "specific point in time". 
```suggestion
Change requests also allow you to group changes and [apply them at a specific point in time](#scheduled-change-requests).
```

* **Scheduled** - The change request is scheduled to be applied at a future time (assuming no [conflicts](#scheduling-errors)).
* **Applied** - The changes have been successfully applied to the environment.
* **Cancelled** - The change request has been canceled by the author or by an admin.
* **Rejected** - The change request has been rejected by a reviewer or by an admin.

Once submitted, the change request appears in the project's **Change requests** tab. From there, you can view details of the proposed changes, the current status of the request, and the next steps required. Users with sufficient permissions can approve or reject, and apply or [schedule](#scheduled-change-requests) the changes.

## Scheduled change requests

:::note Availability

**Plan**: [Enterprise](https://www.getunleash.io/pricing) | **Version**: `5.10+`

:::

When a change request is approved, you can schedule it to be applied later. This allows you to group and apply them at a specific time, such as during a maintenance window or periods of low traffic.

Scheduled changes can be rescheduled, applied immediately, or rejected, but they cannot be edited or moved back to a previous state.

> Once a scheduled change is applied, both the person who scheduled it and the change request author receive a notification.

Reviewer: Hmm, we should find out whether these send out emails now or not. I think we might only send emails on errors / schedule conflicts. And I think we disabled notifications (because no one used them) recently, which means that you won't actually get notified 🤔

Alternatively, you can use constraints or segments with the `DATE_AFTER` [operator](/reference/activation-strategies#constraint-operators). This approach avoids conflicts, ensures SDKs are aware of changes in advance, and allows them to apply the changes even if they temporarily fail to connect to Unleash.

### Scheduling errors

Unleash suspends a scheduled change request if:
- The change request includes updates to a flag that has been archived or a strategy that has been deleted. 
- The change request includes a strategy, segment, or variant that has been updated.
- The user who scheduled a change request is deleted from the users list before the scheduled time.

You must manually review suspended change requests to reschedule, apply, or reject them.

For any suspended or failed change requests, Unleash sends out email notifications to the change request author and to the person who scheduled the change request. Additionally, Unleash displays warnings for flag or strategy deletions that conflict with existing scheduled change requests.

> If Unleash fails to apply a scheduled change request, the change request remains in the scheduled state. You can either reschedule and attempt to apply it again or reject it.

Author: Is there any other reason it would 'fail' besides the above errors that cause the suspended state? Is there a reason to differentiate here?

Reviewer: Good question! In an ideal world: no. Any other change should go through. But there may be unforeseen circumstances that make it not work (or there may be edge cases that we haven't foreseen). So it's more of a fallback that you hopefully shouldn't ever see than anything else.

If a change request is scheduled and change requests are later disabled for the project or environment, the request will still be applied as scheduled. To prevent this, you must reject the scheduled change request.

## Change requests for segments

:::note Availability

**Plan**: [Enterprise](https://www.getunleash.io/pricing) | **Version**: `5.4+`

:::

Changes to project [segments](/reference#segments), unlike global segments, also go through the change request process.

> Because project segments are not environment-specific while change requests are, Unleash allows you to attach segment changes to any environment where change requests are enabled. By default, Unleash selects the first available environment with change requests enabled, prioritizing [production](/reference/environments#environment-types) environments.

Reviewer: "Because project segments are not environment-specific while change requests are," is a bit of a mouthful. Can we simplify it / shorten it / split it into two sentences?

```suggestion
While change requests are environment-specific, project segments are not. For this reason, Unleash allows you to attach segment changes to any environment where change requests are enabled. By default, Unleash selects the first available environment with change requests enabled, prioritizing [production](/reference/environments#environment-types) environments.
```

Only Admin users can bypass the change request process for project segments through API calls.

## Change request preview

> To verify a change request, you can preview the changes in [Playground](/reference/playground) by clicking **Preview changes**. You can adjust [Unleash context](/reference/playground#the-unleash-context), but the project and environment remain fixed as they are determined by the change request.

Reviewer: Ooh, is it just "Playground" or is it "_the_ Playground"? I've always used the definite article, I think, but maybe we don't want that🤔

Author: I think either works, but when we capitalize a feature/product name, to me it feels more natural to treat it as a proper noun.

The lifecycle of a change request includes:
* **Draft** - The change request is in draft mode, and can be edited by the author.
* **In review** - The request has been submitted for review. The author can still make edits, but doing so will revoke any existing approvals.
* **Approved** - The request has received the required number of approvals.
* **Scheduled** - The request is scheduled to be applied at a future time (assuming no [conflicts](#conflicts)).
* **Applied** - The changes have been successfully applied to the environment.
* **Cancelled** - The change request has been cancelled by the author or by an admin.
* **Rejected** - The change request has been rejected by a reviewer or by an admin.

Once submitted, the change request appears in the project's **Change requests** tab. From there, you can view details of the proposed changes, the current status of the request, and the next steps required. Users with sufficient persmissions can approve or reject, and apply or schedule the changes.

![Change request overview](/img/change-request-overview.png)

> ### Schedule a change

Reviewer 2: Did you consider "Scheduled change request"? Would that be more precise on what this capability actually does?
